Li Shao Dingfeng Media has been successfully acquired by me
There will be a charity gala in 3 days.
I will give you enough financial support
I hope that Summit Media will shine at the party.
clear
Li Shang
Li Shang, this is Wang Shiyu
From now on, he will be your personal secretary.
By the way, he is Ling Feng's ex-girlfriend
This charity gala
Raymond Lam will definitely attend then.
You can take him with you to disgust Raymond Lam.
Good job.
Oh well
Secretary Wang, right?
Why don't we get to know each other first?
Hate it, Mr. Li
This is Xingyue Media's car.
I heard that Xingyue Media has a new president.
Who the hell is this?
What is so sacred?
I heard he's just a nouveau riche with some dirty money.
These are the two top brands of Xingyue Media.
This posture is not inferior to that of a star
This is the president of Xingyue Media.
Oh my god, so young